Hey, good morning family. I'm excited.
I have some things on my heart here. You
know, I felt like I've jumped
around so much through so many different
videos that I need to make just
one video right now. Some of this is
just a recap; I'm just going over some
things that I've already talked about,
but I'm making this video for people
about the end-time revival. I hope this
blesses you. I know there's a lot of this
that you all have already heard.
Hopefully, it's not boring to you. I don't
think talking about the glory of God is
boring, but if this isn't what you
want, I have tons of other videos down
below you can watch. So here you go. I
saw a massive wave on the edge of heaven,
and it was looking
like a massive tidal wave, and it was
going like this. I asked the
Lord—whenever
this was right at the Tribulation
when I went into Tribulation with
him—I
said, 'Lord, what is that massive
wave?'And
he said, 'That is a final
last push.'It was like a glory over
it; it was a last outpouring. It was like
a full manifestation of the
glory—a
tidal wave of the glory of God was going
to pour out over the earth—and he said,
'It's at its breaking point; it's about to
dump over.'I saw
behind the wave all these angels, and
they had chariots of fire. They had no
wings; they all had armor on. They all had
these headdresses
on—it
looked like Roman headdresses,
you know, with the thing right
here—and
it went down on their face
like this. They had full armor on,
and they had a kilt-like thing, and
it was all leather on them, it looked
like. They had these shin
guards; they had all of it. They were all
decked out. They had a spear in one
hand, and they were holding the
reins
of the chariot of fire in the
other, but there weren't any horses; it was
a chariot of fire. On the back of
the chariot, there was like a little box
that
had a present; it was a bow.
Each one of these presents was
perfectly made—it
looked like a
different color for every box—and it had
a bow and a ribbon on it. I asked the
Lord, 'What are those boxes on the back of
those chariots of fire?'And he said to me,
'Those are end-time giftings that have
never been seen on the earth before.
Those are mantles that are going to be
given—special
giftings for the end-time
church.'He
said they're going to be
distributed throughout the world.
There were
hundreds of chariots of
fire;
it was all behind the water, this
massive wave, this massive outpouring.
To my right, I could see silos, and
there were these massive silos full of
legs and eyes and body parts,
and the angels of the Lord were getting
ready to bring those body parts for
creative miracles for the last
outpouring of the Spirit of God upon
this earth. I saw the angels, and
it
was full of legs and
arms and noses and ears and eyes and
everything you can imagine. I'm trying to
tell you of anything that you ever
believed, but there was not just one
color of eye; there was brown eyes and
green eyes and blue eyes and black eyes
and all kinds of colors of eyes and all
kinds of colors of skin and pigments.
It
was full of these parts.
Then I saw the angels with massive
baskets full of finances. I could see
bicycles that people
were believing for on the
earth—which,
you know, I heard somebody talk in the
comments of my video saying that
bicycles represent individual ministry; I
don't know, it could be a type and shadow
or something like that, I have no idea;
all I know is that's what I saw—and I
saw these baskets full of money: huge
amounts of gold, huge amounts of silver.
The angels were pouring it
out on top of the earth, and they were
dumping those baskets on the
earth. Then I saw the Lord—he told
me—and
the earth was moving.
Everybody wants to talk about a flat
earth; it's not real, and flat earth is
not...
it's actually moving. I saw the
earth, and the earth was moving before me,
and it was massive, like we see
on TV and stuff. It was moving, and I
could see all of the lights on
the earth. I said, 'What are
those?'And
he said, 'That's souls that are going to
be saved in this last push for
revival.'I'm
showing this and I could see Asia,
and there were streams of gold all
through Asia—all in China and all
in
North Korea. There were souls, you
could see them, and all in South Korea,
Vietnam, and the
Philippines. You could see it. Then I
saw Jesus. He had a tear in his eye,
and he told me, 'My gospel
cost them something.'He said, 'Do you see
what's going on in Asia?'And I said, 'Yes,
Lord, I see it.'And it was so precious to
his heart. He said, 'The gospel cost them
something.'This
was very
precious to him. He could see the
other people, but his heart was towards
Asia a lot. I could see all
throughout the Middle East and
Pakistan and all those areas—the people
who are being persecuted so hard for the
word; Saudi Arabia, those places like
that—I
could see that, and his heart
was so full of joy
because people were standing for the
gospel and getting born again, and it
was a great sacrifice for them.
Now I'm going to
take you to another part. I saw
another part of this last outpouring,
and the Lord showed this to me, but this
was at a separate time. I saw people in
St. Louis, Missouri. He showed me Missouri,
and I could see all the people gathered
on a street corner. It was downtown St.
Louis, and I could see a man in
a
wheelchair. There was an
African-American man and his
wife, an African-American
woman, and they laid hands and
prayed for this man in a wheelchair.
He was a white man, and they laid
hands on him, and the power of God hit
him. The man stood up out of the
wheelchair and got healed. Well, when it
did, it sent—you know, whenever you
see a shock wave of something—it went
boom, like a shock wave in the spirit
realm. Everyone around that radius of
that area started falling out in
the glory of God. The power of God
was just knocking them down; they
would just fall on their face. The power
of God started falling in that area, and
everyone
around that area
started weeping underneath the power of
God, and they were all radically
changed. They're all born again because
of two people being
obedient, a husband and a wife. They just
prayed for a man and the power of God hit
him and he got up, but everyone around
there experienced the glory of God, and
it was like a tidal wave of his
presence all in that area. The Lord
told me, 'What you're about to see is
like...'He
said, 'I want you to go in and watch
popcorn pop in a pan.'So I got some
popcorn kernels and some coconut oil and
I threw it in there, and I was making it
for my little girl. He said, 'Do you
see those kernels?'They were boiling;
they were moving around
and sizzling, and they were
getting ready—you could see they were
about to pop, but you didn't know which
one was about to pop. And he said, 'Do you
see those kernels down there?
You don't know which one's going to
pop first, do you?'And I said, 'No.'He said, 'That's the way the end-time revival is going to be.'He said, 'It will not be controlled by humans; it will not be able to... you won't know where it's going to happen next.'He said, 'Because it's going to happen like popcorn.'He said, 'The next kernel's going to pop, the next kernel's going to pop.'And he said,
'That's the way
it's going to be, just like the
revival that happened at the college,
Asbury.'He
said, 'It's going to be like
that; it will pop up and fade
away, and people won't talk about it
anymore.'But
he said, 'It's going to happen
like that.'And he said,
'At the beginning, it's just one little
kernel and just one little thing,
Brandon.'But
he said, 'Watch it.'And then the
next one, and then
the next one, and then
next thing you know, the whole pan's
popping, popping, popping.
There's so
many going on that there's no way to
know which one's going to happen next,
but it's all popping until the earth was full of the glory of God and the popping
of
the
popcorn—but
it's the popping of the
Holy Ghost, popping of revivals all
throughout the world. You're not going to
know which one is going to happen next,
but the glory of God is going to
manifest in a way that we've never seen
it before, and it's going to radically
change this world. I'm telling you, I've
seen it: manifestations of the glory of
God. He told me, and I saw his hand come
out of heaven, and there
were
shafts of light. He told me, 'These
will be major hotspots for the glory of
God, for my presence in the last
days.'And
he said, 'You will know where the major
hotspots
will be, for there are great
satanic strongholds that have tried to
be built up around those areas because
they know—they've seen it since the
testing of time.''I've had these places
picked out, Brandon.'He said, 'It's not just
something new; I've known
this is what I've predestined to come
to pass, the manifestation of what I want
for the last outpouring.'And there
were
these
big dumb devils all gathered around
those places, trying to chant, doing their
stupid stuff, trying to stop the
manifestation, trying to hold back the
power and the manifestation of what God's
trying to do. But oh, how are they so dumb!
There's no one going to be able to stop
this last move. I don't care how big you
think you are; God is going to plow you
over like a steamroller. There's nobody
going to stop this revival; God's going
to have his way in this earth. I saw
Branson, Missouri—a great revival
happening in Branson. I saw
Kentucky. I saw it on the Eastern
Seaboard, around the North Carolina and South
Carolina area, all in through that area. I
saw a great revival happening.
It's not that it's not going to
happen all over the place, but the Lord
said, 'A lot of this
last revival will not be inside of the major
four walls of a building.'He said, 'I'm
going to do it in Walmart. I'm going to
do it in the grocery stores. I'm
going to bring the great revival all
throughout America and around the world,
just in the streets, just in the parks,
just in wherever I tell you—at a bus
stop.'It
doesn't have to be at a church.
He said, 'It's going to be me manifesting
in my people in a way that is like
you were in the Book of
Acts.'So,
I saw it happening like that. I saw
I-35 in the central part of America. I saw
millions of people coming to the central
part of America, and they were all coming
by the millions. There were so many
people that were coming here because of
natural disaster—there's a big event
that happens before the revival, a great
shaking.
There's a great shaking coming.
So when this happens, I saw all
these people coming to central parts of
America. There's
so many people there's no houses to rent,
there's not enough hotels, so people have
tents. The tents are all the same, so
I know it has to be some kind of
government-issued
tent—unless
the church buys them, I don't know.
I don't want to assume;
it's just me talking to y'all.
There's fields full of
tents, like the hippie movement of people
coming just for the revival and
trying to get a touch from the Lord.
I saw glory domes. There were massive
glory domes where these pillars of
light were at, and everyone that
comes into those glory domes—not one
person touches them—they are healed by
the power of God. They are touched by the
power of God. I saw their arms grow out;
they come through that glory dome and
their arms or their legs or their eyes,
everything instantaneously. If you're
blind, you're healed by the power of God. It's
a last... he told me, 'I will not
share my glory anymore with man about
what's about to happen.'He said, 'In the
'50s and in the tent revivals, there was
always a man there that got a lot of the
glory.'They
always like A.A. Allen and these
people; they always say, 'Oh man, let's
look at them.'He said, 'But Brandon, I will
not allow that to happen anymore. I am
going to get all the glory, all the
praise, and all the honor, for I am a good
God and I am a holy God, and there will be
a major move of my presence upon this
earth. I'm telling you all, I hope
you're ready because we're about to see
something that a lot of you never
believed
we would, but
it's going to be a massive move of God.
Now, will everybody see it? There'll be a
lot of scoffers; there'll be a lot of
people that mock it and
try to come against
it and say, 'This isn't a move of
God.'There'll
be the Pharisees in the corner
with their little
devil horns, saying, 'God's not doing anything in
the earth; see, this is all
made-up
charismatic flakiness.'But the Lord
told me, 'I am going to bring the
walls of religion
down.'There
will be no Baptist, there
will be no Methodist, there will be no
Catholic or Church of Christ. He
said, 'I'm going to make it into a unified
body, all doing what God's called us to
do, and that's to save the lost,
bringing forth the harvest.'You know, I
will describe it like this—and I said
this
before—it's
similar to 9/11. Not saying
it will be an event like 9/11, but it was
similar how everybody was so
patriotic and together, running
to
the churches
when everybody was
so freaked out whenever the Twin
Towers happened and all the stuff with
the terror. He said that there was so much
unity there for about six months or so.
This is the same kind of
movement in the body of
Christ that's going to happen again.
It will be the same kind of move, but even
greater. I
wanted to give a recap of everything
that the Lord has shown me about these
revivals, about the massive things that
happened in North Korea. A massive
revival happened in North Korea. I
saw
angels coming out of the sky. I saw
stars falling upon the
earth, but the Lord said, 'I'm sending my
angel armies, and they're coming down and
getting all the people in North
Korea saved and South Korea,'and they
were bringing liberation for the
people of North Korea from all
their oppression of the demonic
government there. I saw
a massive amount of awesome
stuff happening. Jesus Christ is
fixing to do something huge, and I want
you to be a part of it. If you're not
born again, you need to get born again. If
you're
not filled with the Holy
Ghost, you should get filled with the
Holy Ghost. I'm going to pray for you.
We're going to believe God; you're going
to get baptized in the Holy Ghost. If
you're believing for healing, let's start
it today. Faith is now.
It's not 'we're believing for...'; faith
is an act. Faith is now.
We're not going to
believe for tomorrow because we're
believing for it now. Now faith is the
substance of things hoped for and
evidence of things not seen. Now faith is
not tomorrow; now is like my
little girl says all the time: 'Daddy,
we're believing for Megan's healing, not
tomorrow, not the next day, but we're
believing for it now.'We're believing for
the manifestation now. We're believing
for Megan to talk and do all the
things that we need her to do now.
My little girl says that all the time to me:
'Dad, we're not praying for
tomorrow; we're praying for
today.'Stretch
your hands out right now;
just believe it. Father, right now in the
name of Jesus, I come before you boldly
into that throne, and I say in the name
of Jesus, these people are delivered. I
bind and cast out every devil that's
binding them, hurting them, or harming
them in any way. Perversion of all kinds,
I speak to you demonic strongholds:
you come out of them now in
Jesus'name!
Be
free from that demonic stronghold. Come
out of their body now in Jesus'name. I
curse you by the power of God, devil, and
I say in the name of Jesus, you are free
from that demonic stronghold. Come out of
them in Jesus'name! You are free, for whom
the Son has set free is free indeed. I
speak healing and wholeness and
deliverance over your bodies. I speak for
blind eyes to be opened. I speak for
ears to be opened right now. I speak for
your heart to be restored. I speak for
your legs and arthritis to go away. I
speak for your brain and fogginess
of thinking, and depression and anxiety
and fear be broken off of your life!
Strongholds be broken! I speak to asthma
in people's bodies. I speak to chronic pain:
I say go in the name of Jesus! I call you
healed and whole and well by the power
of the blood of Jesus. By his stripes,
you're healed. By his stripes, you're
whole, and I call you delivered from
sickness and disease. I call you
delivered from poverty
and lack and not enough and barely
getting by; I command it to go out of your
life in Jesus'name! I call deliverance of
finances. I call a harvest of finances
into your life. Father, I believe we
receive right now every need
met,
every bondage broken off of
their lives in Jesus'name. Father, we
thank you, Lord. You're an awesome God.
You're faithful to do
that which you promised. Father, I thank
you, Lord, we stagger not at the promise
of God through unbelief, but we're strong
in faith, giving glory to God, being fully
persuaded that what you've promised
you're able also to perform. I thank you,
Father, what you've promised us, Lord,
you're able also to perform it. I'm
believing
for these people right now for
deliverance in their bodies. I believe it,
God; you're a healer. Have mercy on us.
Just like blind Bartimaeus, we say,
'Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on
us!'Just
like the woman with the issue of
blood, we press forth, we go through there,
and we grab onto that hem
of his garment,
and as she said, 'If I could just touch
his hem, I shall be whole.'Lord, we press
for that hem right now. We call upon you,
Jesus, and we ask you, have mercy on these
people. Deliver them, Father. I thank you,
Lord, that you've already healed their
bodies, and we take authority over the
sickness. We're not waiting for it to be
done; we thank you for the manifestation,
Lord. We thank you, Lord, for your
deliverance. We take authority over the
healing over their body. We speak to
those things right
now. We speak to the healing:
be healed and whole and well by the
power of the Lord; it's in us. We have
authority; we have deliverance; we have
the power and authority to lay hands on
the sick and they shall recover. Thank
you,
Jesus. Thank you, Jesus, you set us free.
Thank you, Lord. We have power and
authority and dominion over all sickness,
over all disease, and nothing
shall by any means hurt us.
You're a faithful God.
We worship
you.
Oh, how he loves you and me.
He gave his
life; what more could he
give? Oh, how he loves
you. Oh, how he loves
me. Oh, how he loves you and
me.
Father,
you are
beautiful beyond
description, too
marvelous for
words, too wonderful for
comprehension, like nothing
ever seen or
heard. Who can
grasp your infinite
wisdom? Who can
fathom the depth of your
love? You are beautiful beyond
description,
majesty
enthroned
above. I
stand
in
awe
of you.
Holy
God, to
whom all praise is
due, I stand in
awe
of
you.
Holy,
holy
is the
Lord,
for you are
glorious and worthy to be
praised. You're the
Lamb
upon the
throne, and
unto
you we lift our voice and
praise. You're the
Lamb
upon the
throne.
Just
whisper, 'Holy
is the
Lord.'Whatever
you
need right now,
the Master's
here; receive
it. I rebuke the sickness off of you
right now in
Jesus'name.
Be healed of your sickness right
now in
Jesus'name.
Deliverance over your bodies right
now in
Jesus'name.
From the top of your head to the soles
of
your feet, you're
delivered.
Hallelujah. Lord, we
love
you.
Rise and be
healed in the
name of
Jesus; let
faith arise in your soul.
Rise and be
healed in the
name of
Jesus; he will touch
you and
make you
whole. I believe
it. I
felt the Holy
Ghost
move
today. Believe him right now for your
manifestation. Jesus comes to set you
free. Touch him
today; he loves you.
Thank you for
watching. Thank you for being a part of
this family. God bless you; have a
wonderful day.